Chapter(The basic idea)

We use m4 to convert certain blobs of text to LaTeX-formatted blobs of HTML-formatted
blobs, depending on the output type. Anything that is not plain text or math has an
associated m4 command.

Section(Text files)
Revision control is built around relatively short lines of plain text, like 70 or 80
characters. Your text editor has an auto-carriage return feature which will keep you from
writing every paragraph as a single margin-busting line of text.

Both LaTeX and HTML largely ignore the white space in your text file, so feel free to
tab-indent whenever it's useful to you.

Math is standard TeX math. We use MathJax to render it in HTML on not-too-old browsers.

Section(Some commands)

Subsection(Sectioning)
There are Chapter, Section, Subsection, and Paragraph commands. If you need more depth than that
you're probably trying too hard. I think the Paragraph is sometimes useful for marking a
list of ideas within a section.

N2D(one narrative~~narrativedescription~~
    The unit for this project is one narrative $\to$ distribution conversion. Use this
    form. Arguments are:
    Items(
    ∙ the title to appear on screen/paper
    ∙ A tag, for cross-references. Avoid punctuation, so this can be TeX- and HTML-friendly
    ∙ The narrative
    ∙ The distribution
    ∙ An optional discussion
    )
    ~~ These elements are separated by the double-tilde you see here. The goal was a
    separator that won't appear in plain text, is easy to type with a standard keyboard,
    and looks decent. Spaces around the separators are optional.
)

Subsection(Text decoration et al.)

Paragraph(changing typeface)
    em(Emphasis, probably italic)
    sc(small caps)
    bf(boldface, use sparingly)
    tt(teletype, for computer code-like fragments in text)

Paragraph(Linking and citing)
    Link(url~~text describing the url)

For a parenthetical journal/book/reference citation: 
    Citep(fay:herriot)   

For an in-text journal/book/reference citation: 
    Citet(fay:herriot~~Fay and Herriot). 
The second argument is text for the HTML version; BibTeX autogenerates the right text for the PDF.

Put your citations in BibTeX format in ppim.bib.


Items(
    ∙ bulleted lists look like this.
    ∙ They're unicode bullets. If you don't have an easy way to type them, you could cut/paste
        the bullets here.
    Items(
        ∙ Lists may be nested to arbitrary depth
    )
)


Chapter(Production)
To compile the document from m4 to PDF or HTML, you'll need a working copy of LaTeX, and a
basic POSIX environment. That means the command line for everything but Windows, and for
Windows it means going to Link(http://cygwin.com ~~ Cygwin's web site) and installing
LaTeX, make, et al via their system, and running all this via the mintty provided by Cygwin.

In this directory, type
make
to generate the PDF, 
make html
to generate the HTML, and 
make html push
to generate the HTML and push it to Github.

It relies on a lot of search-and-replace via sed, m4 for the above fixes, and a few
other hacks. The bibliography is generated via BibTeX and then a sed script converts
it to HTML.
